tonight's special segment the beauty of
success it can be a lucrative business
opportunity it's changing lives allowing
people to set their own working hours
and acquire some financial freedom more
than a million people have already
signed up and the business is still
growing abc7 Stacy Baca joining us with
more on the story JC well captain Ron
our bond is not only a business
opportunity in some cases it's a way of
life you set your own schedule selling
Swiss health care line products and what
do you earn is really up to you are on
is certainly hot in the south states
like Texas Tennessee and Oklahoma and
it's catching on changing lives in the
Chicago area Kim Carnes left corporate
America to raise her daughter and son a
decision she made with her husband David
more than a dozen years ago I used to
get those sunday night blues where I
would get this pit in my stomach like oh
tomorrow's Monday but I don't get that
anymore I'm excited about every day
excited because she spends time with her
family owns a beautiful home in
Naperville and works part-time making
two hundred and seventy thousand dollars
a year selling our bond a Swiss
formulated skincare line that includes
makeup nutrition and weight loss
products and aromatherapy I thought wow
this is going to go crazy here I can
just see it it's going to do so well in
Chicago and across the suburbs women
many mothers like Mary Beth Orton of
Kerry are selling our bond and changing
the way they live we were living
paycheck to paycheck my husband was
working two jobs seven days a week now
Mary Beth is the breadwinner she picks
her hours and earns 58 thousand dollars
a year it's just phenomenal that I've
been able to stay home be with a kid I
bond is not sold in stores it's all word
of mouth an easy way to think about this
is suppose I talk to two people and
those two people talk to other people
and they talk to other people you can
see the network grows very quickly it's
called network marketing our bond
consultants hold meetings to recruit
more consultants and explain the
business our bond pays very well
but one thing I was tell people there's
a reason why it's called network
marketing you may think network
marketing sounds like a pyramid scheme
it's not the modern business model has
been around since the 40s with companies
selling jewelry nutritional supplements
and household cleaning products these
are absolutely legitimate companies it's
a legal way of marketing and
distributing a product with our bond you
make money two ways you sell the
products retail and keep the profits and
in addition our bond pays you bonus
money for the volume you sell and the
volume of the consultants below you and
then 14 Donna magus is still climbing it
takes months even years to build a team
there's no get-rich-quick schemes in the
world there's not I mean you know what
it's it takes it takes effort an effort
a graduate student Jessica stradder do
understand you've got to do it and that
could be a downside if you're not fat
motivated professor manchanda says the
success rate for network marketing is
like any other business the success rate
is very small the success rate in any
business opportunity in any product is
maybe ten fifteen percent in fact most
are bong consultants do not make money
arvon says it has 1.3 million
consultants right now in 2006 about
three and a half percent of them
received bonus checks but the few who
see our bond as a business opportunity
know the beauty of success our bond
helps pay for their symbolic white
Mercedes and much much more I love
owning my life I love the fact that I am
in charge of my destiny there's a lot of
people that say tgif they got it's
Friday we say tgif they got them free if
you're interested in network marketing
companies professor manchanda says be
realistic make sure that the products
are something that you can use over and
over and the start-up costs should be
low also see if the company is a member
of the direct selling association the
association sets ethical guidelines for
all of these companies and you'll find
more information about network marketing
on our website that's ABC 7 chicago calm
there you have it thanks very much Stacy
Stacy